Yes example
Today you will find a bath
This time
Below for those who have not seen real name I want to continue doing that button I commentary of the courtesan
Come from the summary column
I 'll keep it so- called, so please take a look from there and you'll have a card to prepare
Here we used in the demonstration
I think it's 48 but it's right before
I think you thought
I think other people do not think so, but in fact
Here
Keikyu is using
Yes
It means that
The black 5th floor red 4 pieces used in the demonstration but it's still ok
There is a setting
I think it is difficult to understand
It means that I think you still ejaculation of love and want to sneak in behind aki
I went around behind
While yes now Hey little cash so
I'm going, but I'm going
Well first
It is red though
so
White after this diamond is the first person This is the bottom
I will set up like this
This anything at this time
I did not have anything, I understand that the pot of the club will do
Oh yes, please keep the same number of ninefold on the adjacent card with the red card and say
Have words
There is no Japanese, for example, this was inside the club y Here also in the club This is also the club
After and also here you were grade say whether Nde club of old Niño Papa
In I thought Hay and want to explain in but now I'm staff from here
First of all
8 here will create a break in the two city from the bottom
To the nation 1
so
Then I said that I will use 8 cards this time, and I'm spreading it, but I'm breaking it
Because it counts with this one because there are 12345678 breaks
Or moles can and Iukama I Kamofura
In eight tree say one and time Toka easy and
Wave a group
Mr. at a position where the return you And then from top
4 ago
I will put it from above
Turn over in
In So here will be counted saying is black This is the Acro team
Match
In the end because this has become two
Count this as one
OK
And ok ok
Then
From here
this
From the top from those who are at the love tr in order Well car
Cro
While saying that we are mixing with soccer black, actually there are already three or more
Since it has become in the end this two in the high you'll be counted as one this
It seems like this early yes
Then you get goofor like this
Then I come to the pitch from the top once more
And
I'm divided upside down, it 's Göcö III I'm in a situation like this
But why treasure
Aman Count
I'm supposed to do something like Aman Count
The first person 's card is shifted with this left hand when it says how to do it
I'm doing this, and the flower arrangement of Ichiban city
Then I 'm completely throwing one by one like this from the card here
And because this is two now
It will be like this
Let's go home
It has become a Mother
play
Lower card 10,000 yen
At that time not to get out of the rain
Although there is a gap, but a lot of people gather
Next from here
Flip when it counts and look over
After in I Yo good than divided also here
in this way
There is not a say to become
i 感 じ チ ャ ー チ ャ ー 感 じ 感 じ 感 じ 感 じ
I Kana's a little too early commentary
1 I've been blaming with a trigger , but I'm back now, this is good
It is 5 different by 4 pieces
watch
so
I want you to break the second piece
There is also Qi 345,678
Upside down in
1234 n
Here 0
House
This one and four in three
Because it is two
Relation as 1 sheet
From here
I day I
And lastly, I only manage 2 as this but I manage as 1
Do it from above 123 from
Take a piece with Herman Khan
For my father
There are in divided we and Iuwake
Please comment again if you 're unsure
I think it is like the end was there the company of oil and water in this by say
Thank you for watching until the end so let's meet again
Follow